it's risky business not managing risk
and technology opens doors risks of
cyber security and data thefts also
creep in as businesses expand logistics
deliver risk as currencies dwindle risk
cashes in if you do nothing to
proactively manage risk you lose the
India risk management awards have been
felicitating and celebrating such
excellence at risk management for five
years in our sixth season we are
introducing risk masterclass businesses
will get insights on the emerging threat
of new age risks and strategize to
manage them it's a chance for growing
businesses to gain guidance from top
industry experts on how to de-risk
themselves if you're an individual or
organization that has successfully
averted risks nominate yourself today
ICICI Lombard
and CNBC tv18 present India risk
management Awards